# InlineResponse20015Offers

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **str** | The partner’s external unique identifier. This will be used to link the Groupon offer id to the partner’s internal data. The expectation is that this id will uniquely identify the data in the partner’s system.  | 
**details_url_override** | **str** | This URL is used to link out search results to an external offer page. The use of this field will bypass the Groupon offer details page entirely. This field is optional, and should only be used for link out offers which leave the Groupon site when the user clicks the search result. This will result in users not being sent to the main details page on Groupon, and instead to this URL.  | [optional] 
**slug_override** | **str** | An override for the automatically generated URL slug. If this field is specified, this value will be used as a base but may be automatically disambiguated if conflicting slugs already exist in the system.  This is to ensure that the slug is universally unique across all offers. If this field is not specified, the slug will automatically be generated by the system based on the &#x60;offers[].offer.provider.name&#x60; field.  | [optional] 
**provider** | [**InlineResponse20015Provider**](InlineResponse20015Provider.md) |  | 
**rating** | [**InlineResponse20015Rating**](InlineResponse20015Rating.md) |  | [optional] 
**brand** | [**InlineResponse20015Brand**](InlineResponse20015Brand.md) |  | [optional] 
**available_at** | **datetime** | The datetime which specifies when the offer first becomes available. This field is inclusive in terms of the availability, meaning that the offer is available exactly at the moment this datetime specifies. The format is ISO-8601 combined date and time with timezone (also known as Internet date/time format: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5).  | 
**available_until** | **datetime** | The datetime which specifies when the offer stops being available. This field is exclusive in terms of the availability, meaning that the offer is not available exactly at the moment this datetime specifies. The format is ISO-8601 combined date and time with timezone (also known as Internet date/time format: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#section-5).  | [optional] 
**images** | [**list[InlineResponse20015Images]**](InlineResponse20015Images.md) | An ordered list of image URLs.  The images will be retrieved from this URL and then re-uploaded into the Groupon Platform; they will not be used to serve live traffic.  | [optional] 
**writeups** | [**list[InlineResponse20015Writeups]**](InlineResponse20015Writeups.md) | The text which generally describes the items or services being offered.  | 
**redemption_locations** | **list[AllOfinlineResponse20015OffersRedemptionLocationsItems]** | An optional list of locations at which this offer can be redeemed. This list will be appended to the redemption locations for all products on the offer.  This field can be used to normalize the list of locations which all products share, and is entirely optional.  | [optional] 
**points_of_interest** | **list[AllOfinlineResponse20015OffersPointsOfInterestItems]** | A list of locations that will show up in a map to give more context to the purchaser. For example this can be used for locations that a tour will visit. If pointsOfInterest aren&#x27;t present, we will show the redemptionLocations on the map.  This list will be appended to the points of interests for all products on the offer.  This field can be used to normalize the list of locations which all products share, and is entirely optional.  | [optional] 
**products** | **list[AllOfinlineResponse20015OffersProductsItems]** | The individual products being offered.  | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

